feat(docs): add wallet tutorial (#20111)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs-developers/docs/tutorials/js_tutorials/webapp/index.md

---
title: "Building a Webapp on Aztec"
sidebar_position: 0
description: "Build a Pod Racing game webapp with Vite, React, and Aztec — featuring private state, wallet connections, and zero-knowledge proofs."
---

# Building a Webapp on Aztec

In this tutorial you'll build a **Pod Racing** game webapp — a fully functional application where players privately allocate points across racing tracks, with their strategies hidden from opponents using Aztec's privacy features.

## What you'll build

A two-player competitive game where:
- Each player distributes up to 9 points across 5 racing tracks per round (3 rounds total)
- Point allocations are **private** — stored as encrypted notes only you can read
- After all rounds, players reveal their totals and a winner is determined (best of 5 tracks)

> - The app connects to a local Aztec sandbox or devnet via browser extension wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The app connects to a local Aztec network or remote devnet via browser extension wallet
```

### Why privacy matters

Without privacy, your opponent could see your point allocations as you play and adjust their strategy to counter yours. Aztec keeps each player's allocations encrypted as private notes — your opponent only learns that you submitted a round, not how you distributed your points. Strategies are revealed only after both players finish, making the game fair.

## What you'll learn

- Setting up a Vite + React project that runs Aztec's WASM modules in-browser
- Connecting to Aztec via an **embedded wallet** (local dev) or the **wallet SDK** (devnet)
- Compiling and deploying a Noir smart contract from JavaScript
- Sending **private transactions** and reading **private state**
- Paying transaction fees with the **SponsoredFPC** contract

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v22 or later
- The [Aztec CLI](../../getting_started/quickstart.md) installed (`aztec` command available)
- A local Aztec network running (`aztec start --sandbox`), **or** access to the Aztec devnet
- Basic familiarity with React and TypeScript

## Architecture

> ```

Reviewer: let's use an image instead of ASCII art
